README.md, before:

# KI Admin Panel

Welcome to the KI Admin Panel project! First of all this is a Tattle ;-)
When you use a docker an mount a Windows directory watchdog doesn't send any events.
So this app runs locally on a Windows PC an tattles all these events towards an API.
And if the app already exists, you can also do a few admin things.
Have fun

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

The KI Admin Panel is a fat client application designed to manage and monitor the ki-tools API. It provides an interface for administrators an tattles modification events to that API.

## Features

- send file events
- Dashboard for monitoring AI model performance

## Installation

TODO: later
old: poetry run pyinstaller .\app\main.py --collect-submodules utils --onefile --name tattle
poetry run pyinstaller main.spec

## Usage

TODO: later

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the KI Admin Panel project! If you would like to contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Commit your changes and push them to your fork.
4. Submit a pull request with a detailed description of your changes.

## Info

python = ">=3.12,<3.14" is because of pyinstallerpyinstaller --onefile --noconsole your_app.py

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.

Commit message:

long journey to .env file...

README.md, after:

# KI Admin Panel

Welcome to the KI Admin Panel project! First of all this is a Tattle ;-)
When you use a docker an mount a Windows directory watchdog doesn't send any events.
So this app runs locally on a Windows PC an tattles all these events towards an API.
And if the app already exists, you can also do a few admin things.
Have fun

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

The KI Admin Panel is a fat client application designed to manage and monitor the ki-tools API. It provides an interface for administrators an tattles modification events to that API.

## Features

- send file events
- Dashboard for monitoring AI model performance

## Installation

There is no installation, just start the .exe file

## Create exe with pyinstaller

poetry run pyinstaller main.spec

## Usage

TODO: later

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the KI Admin Panel project! If you would like to contribute, please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch for your feature or bugfix.
3. Commit your changes and push them to your fork.
4. Submit a pull request with a detailed description of your changes.

## Info

python = ">=3.12,<3.14" is because of pyinstallerpyinstaller --onefile --noconsole your_app.py

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.
